very good girls very good guys I am
expert and we are in a new news and
the truth is that looming looming
war and you know that many times in
the world of video games so good
many statements generate controversy not
and here in this channel we have always
informed of the good from the bad of what
regular
many times knowing that in the
comments you are going to kill you are going to
kill because you're going to throw around
many times the truth is that you are
I do not like this kind of statements
nothing that I am going to discuss a
Microsoft manager ensures that by
good to the more ambitious xbox warnes that
playstation 4 so rotund has been in
some statements that good has been
aaron greenberg executive of microsoft
who has talked with the media
defending his new console a
affirmation so so so so clear
regarding the competition in these
news that usually generates is that
here low in the comments we
same
uses to kill and I the truth is that
I do not like this kind of creation
but but you have to inform people
because many times you also give
account of certain executives or certain
people of those companies how are and
how they defend their interests not anymore
one that says no but good, you have to
tell it and that's how it has been I 'm not going to aaron
greenberg executive of microsoft has
chatted today with the media and has
assured that the water is more ambitious
what playstation 4 in words of
grinberg says well I do not think that
we advanced very soon we had to
release it next to playstation 4 not
we knew what they were doing and
they did not know about our things either
we were very focused and games like
rise or force 5 were in a good
moment to be launched to the market
when comparing the guard to
playstation 4 the executive is not saved
none and says we have tried to do more
think about kinect in the integration of the
voice we've been more ambitious I think that
we are at a good time and we have
had a good launch we have not
never repented and we have not said
that we launched it without being
Transnational list loaded with
aaron greenberg operations where the
truth is that I at first sight
these statements that of who does not
they never repented for example is
lie since a few months later
they regretted from politics what
they threw in the e3
said this because it can not affirm either
that's not good but there are their
statements to me
that you discuss that if the one
it's better than simple 6-4 better always
It seems silly I always tell you
you have to enjoy each one in the
platform where you can play in the
that I can get because many times
It is very difficult to get a
console to play myself I sold all
the things I had to be able to get
money to buy it and it's difficult is
difficult to get a platform one
console does not often come out much more
profitable to have a mount a pc no
I have always said it and the truth is that
good that you do not argue that it is not worth
it's a pity that each game alone has its
its exclusive the web has its games
of the playstation when it has its
exclusive games the one is going to have its
exclusive games and you have to each
good according to which platform you have
more friends do not have more possibilities
to enjoy then that is going to be the best
console for you so do not argue that
it's not worth it that here we are for
inform so you know what it is that
is cooked in the world of video games
and many times as some executives
they should be silent that they are much more
pretty with
do nothing a hug a hug to all the
favorite team if we see the
next chau